the Federal Reserve is about to pour
gasoline on the inflationary fire you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to talk about what's been
happening and I need to highlight what
will affect you there's no doubt if
you're in United States if you're in
Canada Australia New Zealand we are
going to experience this and I'm going
to break this down for you the actions
of the Federal Reserve the Bank of
Canada and so on have had a material
impact on the economy on what's happened
of course with inflation as a result of
everything else we need to break these
things down at a very minute level track
them all in order to be able to figure
out what happens next my accuracy has
been unmatched there's no question about
this because I've been looking into this
stuff for so long and I don't watch
anyone else okay so I don't watch news
or reports I don't like basically watch
any video format in that in that way I
read raw data and I pull out articles
when I need to make the videos I want
raw data so that there's no bias on it
except for of course the manipulation of
that data but I'm tracking that data
itself so at least in uh recent history
that has remained the same and I can
track that and of course why do I want
the articles I want the articles because
they give the quotes like I'll show you
here in a minute that will give us a
little bit of insight as to what's going
to happen you want to know when the
federal Z is going to cut interest rates
listen up here we go the uh first
thought was that it would be March March
March March how do I know that because
the swaps and the Futures these two
speculative instruments are very
accurate at predicting when the cuts
will be much more than you know the
Economist in general and uh why because
people put their money in and they are
are doing so accurately versus some guy
just saying what he thinks okay so when
you put your money behind something
usually you believe it and so when you
aggregate on that data you get a little
bit of accuracy more accuracy anyway
feds Bostic favors starting interest
rate Cuts in the summer Atlanta Chief
reiterates outlook for two reductions
this year earlier or additional Cuts may
be warranted depending on the data so
he's not ruling out March this is a guy
who not long ago he was one of the
hawkish ones saying oh no no we're not
we we're going to we got to do more we
got to do more suddenly things have
changed for this individual so keep that
in mind okay we're not talking about one
of the
others uh same thing quotes um fed does
not face urgency to to cut rates given
the current economy strong economy
argues for patience in adjusting
monetary policy fed likely to soon
contemplate cutting rates inflation is
likely to decline more slowly than
markets expect and the FED has made
Solid progress in low inflation econom
is good uh unlikely that January CPI
signals a big change in the trend going
on okay so what is he saying we're not
quite there yet but we're basically
going in the right direction therefore
expect cuts to come that's the FED
directly from the FED itself this is of
course all along what we've been
expecting it's not any difference there
so this is all coming in line all coming
in line we need to snap out of it the
FED is being misled Again by inflation
numbers says Professor behind the
popular recession predictor and so
you're going to
see these things
they'll come up
everywhere I see these all the time one
oh this guy's the best at this this guy
is the best at that he predicted the
2008 when he predicted the 200 um you
know whatever 2020 all these
things we have to understand that the
data itself is manipulated When We Do
seasonal adjustments when we are allowed
to just remove things from this it's
it's not accurate it you know how they
do the calculations of inflation they
say okay you were eating
steak and if steak gets too expensive
then you're going to eat ground beef
instead you're going to make that swap
okay ground beef's too expensive okay
instead of that you're going to eat I
don't know pork or something and then
you go okay now you're going to be
eating crickets and then you're going to
be eating you know whatever dirt I mean
that that's not like that doesn't make
sense I need to know what that thing I
was eating before
was but they don't do that you see they
make it a Rosy picture so the data
itself yes it is manipulated there's no
question about this but we have to
factor in everything as best we can in
order to determine where we're going if
you want to be a better investor you got
to know this stuff we talk about this
Finance Friday in depth like crazy depth
um but you also need to know for your
own job sake for your own business's
sake so I am for anybody who knows you
know what I do outside of the money GPS
the thing that actually you
know anyway that's what I do for
business I you know I I sell products
online physical products and mostly
online and now what I see here is you
know I can look at the economy
and I can judge this based on what's
happening with the Federal Reserve this
gives me insight as to how I'm supposed
to deal with my business forecasting and
so on this is there's multi levels to
this Bank of Canada to Halt quantitative
tightening program within months
according to RBC could come as soon as
or earlier as early as April sooner than
policy makers had previously indicated
saying that hey quantitative tiing oh no
we can't do that anymore the Federal
Reserve is in the same exact position
they know that they're going to have to
stop all these programs soon
enough it's not looking like we won't
see an interest rate cut until June why
the Bank of Canada has us
guessing Okay
so some
people believe that this will have to be
pushed out further bosk said summertime
right when is it going to be though I
don't know I really don't know exactly
but it seems now based on all the data
that I have that March is less likely
now we have a few meetings right
throughout the year summertime is like
pretty much given at this point will it
come before then the chances have been
reduced
significantly why is that the case
inflation numbers have been more sticky
than what was previously thought to be
at this point they thought it would go a
little bit lower jobs Market it
is depending on how we look at it is it
strong is it not but of course they want
to if it's too strong then they need to
keep rates elevated because they want to
kind of weaken that um there are many
things that they're looking at here but
ultimately there is no crisis at this
point that they're saying and so they
don't want to cut too early and repeat
the 1970s that's the message that's
still going on okay but they're they're
basically changing their tune I've read
the meeting minutes I've looked at all
the quotes I've watched the boring
absolutely terrible in my opinion um
situation when you got to watch those
conferences that they do but anyway it's
I do that for you guys all right
I experienc the pain so you don't have
to Jerome Powell says the $34 trillion
national debt is ready for an adult
conversation Janet Yellen calls
sustainable fiscal path critically
important but let's be clear it is not
in any way any way sustainable it is
gone it is over and what they saying
here is you know what are we going to do
about it what are we going to do about
it it needs an adult conversation like
this is ridiculous anyway um but that's
the 60 Minutes interview that he was
on uh which I didn't watch I didn't
watch that interview but um from
everything I read about it and
everything I know about jome pow he
basically says the same messages there's
nothing that will be done but what's
important about this is
that the government points the finger at
the fed and the FED points their finger
at the government so it's just a bunch
of Blame Game nonsense but you know that
it's both of them working together that
causes the problem there was a weird
thing a few years ago I found it to be
the strangest thing that they were
saying that the government took over the
fed and now it we going to go to like a
gold back currency uh they're going to
get rid of the Federal
[Music]
Reserve that was the mo I it was just
really being pushed out there I thought
it was the weird such a weird thing the
Federal Reserve doesn't take orders from
anybody Federal Reserve is not political
in that sense not at all I mean if you
really look at it and you understand who
the big players
are it doesn't matter because their
actions don't you know they're going to
do what they need to do and the the
whole goal it doesn't for the Federal
Reserve or any of these you know secret
societies any of the you know the
Bloodlines they don't care about a
process that would take a year or if it
takes 50 years or if it takes a thousand
years their timeline is virtually
infinite and so they will look out on
that long timeline and they're going to
say what do we got to accomplish okay
this this this okay all right we're just
do step one step two step three and
we're going to do that the how long does
it take that's not a factor they're not
worried about the political four years
political 8 years they're not even
worried about Cycles in between you know
when Jerome Powell's allowed to be in
and when he's allowed to be booted out
that's insignificant there these are the
puppets that we see in front of us and
then there are the Puppet Masters which
are in the shadows to so did I go too
far sure I know I know most people don't
like it look you got to understand what
the central banks are doing know that
there are other levels know that these
things do go deeper but the truth of the
matter is that these will affect your
life so what do we do about it well the
obvious um fact here is that we need to
take action against it we need to
mitigate the effects of inflation as
best we can I talk about that in compass
which is always spamming you every
single minute Compass the money gps.com
Compass free completely free no pay wall
no nothing the money gps.com
Compass it's a free education course
that you just get in there and you learn
how to deal with these things you learn
the basics of that once you get that
foundation and you're not into look if
you want to read my books I would just
explain a lot but for those who don't
want to read those books I got playlists
on my channel that will help you out to
a great degree okay right on YouTube
tons of playlists how to in Solutions
how to make money I got the Amazon
course in there everything there is
there for you these other guys they
don't do these things they put together
was going to get the more clicks and
more views I put together playlist to be
the most helpful possible that's why I
created all those things I hope you join
me on those videos hit that thumbs up of
course on your way out and as always
I'll see you tomorrow take care